note ohio legisl unlik feder legisl show entir law would chang legisl . 
these part all capit rest i.e . 
current law regular type . 
as introduc 120th general asembl regular session h . 
b . 
no . 
278 1993-1994 represen beatti a bill to amend sections2923.11 2923.17and 2923.20 enact section 2923.181 revis code expand defint danger ordnanc includ militari weapon use bolt action increas penalti violat prohibit possess danger ordnanc prohibit person acquir militari weapon act 's effect date requir licensur militari weapon acquir aprop purpos prior act 's effect dte prohibit person import manufactur sell militari weapon declar emerg . 
be it enact by the general assembl of the state of ohio section 1 . 
that section 2923.11 2923.17 2923.20 amend section 2923.181 revis code enact read follow sec . 
2923.11 . 
as use section 2923.11 2923.24 revis code a dead weapon mean instrument devic thing capabl inflict death design special adapt use weapon possess carri use weapon . 
b1 firearm mean dead weapon capabl expel propel one projectil action explos combust propel . 
firarm includ unload firearm firearm inoper readili render oper . 
2 when determin whether firearm capabl expel propel one projectil action explos combust propel trier fact may reli upon circumstanci evid includ limit represent action individu exercis control firearm . 
c handgun mean firearm design fire held one hand . 
d semi-automat firearm mean firearm design special adapt fire singl cartridg automat chamber suceed cartridg readi fire singl function trigger . 
e automat firearm mean firearm design special adapt fire success cartridg singl function trigger . 
automat firearm also mean semi-automat firearm design special adapt fire thirty-on cartridg without reload firearm chamber .22 calib short long long-rifl cartridg . 
f sawed-off firearm mean shotgun barrel less eighteen inch long rifl barrel less sixteen inch long shotgun rifl less twenty-six inch long overal . 
g zip-gun mean follow 1 ani firearm crude extempor manufactur 2 ani devic includ without limit starter 's pistol design firearm special adapt use firearm 3 ani industri tool signal devic safeti devic design firearm design capabl use a firearm possess carri use firearm . 
h explos devic mean devic design special adapt caus physic harm person properti mean explos consist explos substanc agenc mean deton . 
explos devic includ without limit bomb explos demolit devic blast cap deton contain explos charg pressur vessel know tamper arrang explod . 
i incendiari devic mean firebomb devic design special adapt caus physic harm person properti mean fire consist incendiari substanc agenc mean ignit . 
j ballist knife mean knife detach blade propel spring-oper mechan . 
k danger ordin mean follow except provid divis l section 1 ani automat sawed-off firearm . 
zip-gun ballist knife 2 ani explos devic incendiari devic 3 nitroglycerin nitrocellulos nitrostarch petn cyclonit tnt picric acid high explos amatol triton tetrytol pentolit pecretol cyclotol high explos composit plastic explos dynamit blast gelatin gelatin dynamit sensit ammonium nitrat liquid- oxygen blast explos blast powder blast agent explos substanc suffici brisanc power particular suitabl use militari explos use mine quarri excav demolit 4 ani firearm rocket launcher mortar artilleri piec grenad mine bomb torpedo similar weapon design manufactur militari purpos ammunit weapon 5 ani firearm muffler silenc 6 ani militari weapon 7 ani detach magazin magazin drum belt feed strip or similar devic that has a capac of or that readili can be restor or convert to accept more than fifteen round of ammunit 8 ani combin part intend owner use convert firearm devic danger ordin . 
l danger ordnanc includ follow 1 ani firearm includ militari weapon ammunit weapon regardless actual age employ percuss cap obsolet ignit system design safe use black powder 2 ani pistol rifl shotgun design suitabl sport purpos unless the firearm is either of the follow a militari weapon issu modifi ammunit weapon b an automat sawed-off firearm . 
3 ani cannon artileri piec regardless actual age type accept use prior 1887 mechan hydraul pneumat system absorb recoil return tube batteri without displac carriag design safe use black powder 4 black powder prime quill percuss cap possess law use fire cannon type defin divis l 3 section display celebr organ match shoot target practic smokeless black powder primer percuss cap poss law use propel ignit devic small-arm small-arm ammunit 5 danger ordin inoper inert readili render oper activ kept trophi souvenir curio museum piec . 
6 ani devic expressli except definit destruct devic pursuant gun control act 1968 82 stat . 
1213 18 u.s.c . 
921a4 amend regul issu act . 
m militari weapon ' mean ani of the follow 1 ani firearm that origin was manufactur for militari use or a copi of ani such firearm if the firearm is not a bolt action firearm 2 ani model of ani of the follow firearm that is a semi-automat firearm and is a rifl or ani model of ani copi of ani of the follow firearm that is a semi-automat firearm and is a rifl armalit ar-180 b auto-ordn thompson model 1927a1 and m-1 c avtomat kalashnikov poli tech ak-47 e china sport ak-47 bullpup f mitchel ak-47 and m-76 g barrett light-fifti model 82a1 h baretta ar-70 bushmast auto rifl j calico m900 and m-100 k colt ar-15 l commando arm carbin mark 111 mark 45 and mark 9 univers 5000 carbin enforc n american arm arm-1 and aki 39 daewoo max-1 and max-2 p fabriqu national fnfal fnlar . 
and fnfnc q fama mas 223 r feather at-9 feder kc-900 and xc-450 galil ar and arm u goncz high-tech carbin v heckler and koch hk-91 hk-93 hk-94 and psg-1 w mandal tac-1 carbin x ruger mini 14sf fold stock model sig 57 amt and 500 seri z springfield armori sar-48 g-3 bm-59 alpin and m1a carbin aa sterl mk-6 and mark 7 bb steyr aug cc uzi carbin and mini-carbin dd valmet m-62s m-76 m-78 and m82 bullpup carbin ee weaver arm nighthawk ff militari m14 and militari m1 carbin .30 gg springfield armori m1a assault hh thompson 27a-5 with drum magazin ii plainfield commando univers 5000 carbin jj cobray m-11 with or without silenc kk spectr auto carbin swd cobray mm armi jager ap-74 and ap-74 commando nn armscorp of america isra fn-fal oo clayco sks carbin pp dragunov sniper qq emf ap-74 rr iver johnson pm30 p paratroop ss norinco sks tt partisan aveng uu sigarm sg 550 sp and sg 551 sp vv squir bingham m 16 ww wilkinson terri carbin . 
3 ani model of ani of the follow firearm that is a semi-automat firearm and is a pistol or ani model of ani copi of ani of the follow firearm that is a semi-automat firearm and is a pistol bushmast auto pistol b calico 100-p auto pistol c ebcin nj-iv mp-9 and mp-45 feather mini-at e goncz high tech pistol ' f holm mp-83 and mp-22 g intratec tec-9 and scorpion .22 h iver johnson enforc ingram mac-10 and mac-11 j mitchel arm spectr auto k scarab skorpion l sterl mk-7 uzi pistol n univers enforc wilkinson linda auto pistol . 
4 ani model of ani of the follow firearm that is a semi-automat firearm and is a shotgun or ani model of ani copi of ani of the follow firearm that is a semi-automat firearm and is a shotgun franchi spas-12 and law-12 b striker 12 and street sweeper c benelli m1 super 90 mossberg 500 bullpup e usas-12 auto shotgun . 
sec . 
2923.17 . 
a1 no person shall know acquir or carri danger ordnanc . 
2 no person shall know use ani danger ordnanc . 
b this section appli ani of the follow 1 offic agent employe state unit state member arm forc unit state organ militia state law enforc offic extent person author acquir carri use danger ordnanc act within scope duti 2 import manufactur dealer user explos licens user permit issu effect pursuant organ crime control act 1970 84 stat . 
952 18 u.s.c . 
843 amend addit to reenact of that act respect explos explos devic law acquir possess carri use law state applic feder law 3 import manufactu dealer licens deal destruct devic ammunit issu effect pursuant gun control act 1968 82 stat . 
1213 . 
18 u.s.c . 
923 amend addit to reenact of that act respect danger ordnanc law acquir possess carri use law state applic feder law 4 person surplus ordnanc sold loan given secretari armi pursuant 70a stat . 
62 263 10 u.s.c . 
4684 4685 4686 amend addit to reenact of that act respect danger ordnanc law possess use purpos specifi that section 5 owner danger ordnanc regist nation firearm registr transfer record pursuant act octob 22 1968 82 stat.1229 26 u.s.c . 
5841 amend addit to reenact of regul issu under the act . 
6 carrier warehousemen other engag busi transport store good hire respect danger ordnanc law transport store usual cours busi complianc law state applic feder law 7 the holder licens temporari permit issu effect pursuant section 2923.18 revis code respect danger ordnanc law acquir possess carri use purpos manner specifi the licens permit . 
c divis a1 of this section doe not appli to the acquisit have or carri of danger ordnanc that is a militari weapon if both of the follow appli 1 the person who acquir has or carri the danger ordnanc in question acquir it befor the effect date of this amend as a collector 's item or for a legitim research scientif educ industri or other proper purpos 2 no later than the close of busi on the seventh day after the effect date of this amend the person who acquir the danger ordnanc in question in accord with divis c1 of this section submit an applic pursuant to section 2923.181 of the revis code for a licens to have and carri it and the applic has not been deni or a valid licens has been issu to the person . 
d divis a1 and 2 of this section do not appli to the acquisit have carri or use of ani danger ordnanc describ in divis k7 of section 2923.11 of the revis code that was acquir prior to the effect date of this amend . 
e whoever violat section quilti unlaw possess danger ordnanc an aggrav feloni first degre . 
sec . 
2923.181 . 
a ani person who acquir a militari weapon befor the effect date of this section shall file a written applic for a licens to have and carri the militari weapon with the sheriff of the counti or safeti director or polic chief of the municip corpor where the applic resid or has his princip place of busi . 
the applic shall be file no later than the close of busi on the seventh day after the effect date of this section and shall be accompani by a file fee of fifti dollar . 
the person shall file a separ applic and pay a separ file fee for each militari weapon that he has or intend to carri . 
the applic shall contain all of the follow inform 1 the name age address occup and busi address of the applic if the applic is a natur person or the name address and princip place of busi of the applic if the applic is a corpor 2 a descript of the militari weapon for which a licens is request includ the serial number and all identif mark 3 a statement of the purpos for which the militari weapon was acquir and for which it is to be possess carri or use 4 ani other inform that the issu author may requir in give effect to this section 5 the oath of the applic that the inform on the applic is true . 
b1 no later than the close of busi on the fourteenth day after an applic for a licens to have and carri a militari weapon has been file under divis a of this section the issu author shall either approv the applic and issu a licens to the applic or deni the applic and send a letter of denial by ordinari mail to the applic . 
after conduct ani necessari investig the issu author shall issu a licens to an applic whom it determin satisfi the follow criteria the applic is twenty-on year of age or older if the applic is a natur person b it appear that the applic will possess and carri the militari weapon as a collector 's item or for a legitim scientif educ industri or other proper purpos c it appear that the applic has suffici compet to have and carri the militari weapon and that proper precaut will be taken to ensur the secur of the militari weapon and the safeti of person and properti the applic otherswis is not prohibit by law from have or carri danger ordnanc . 
2 a licens issu pursuant to divis b1 of this section shall be valid for one year after the date of it issuanc . 
the licens shall be renew pursuant to divis c of this section . 
c1 except as provid in divis c3 of this section ani person who is issu a licens under divis b1 of this section shall renew the licens by file an applic for renew by regular mail with the sheriff of the counti or the safeti director or polic chief of the municip corpor who was the issu author of the licens . 
an applic for renew shall be file annual no later than one year after the date on which the licens was issu or last renew . 
2 each sheriff and each safeti director and peac offic of a municip corpor shall make avail applic for the renew of a licens issu under divis b1 of this section . 
in the applic the applic under oath shall updat the inform submit in the previous applic for a licens or the renew of a licens . 
the applic for the renew of a licens shall be accompani by a fee of five dollar . 
the applic shall file a seper applic for renew and pay a seper renew fee for each militari weapon that he intend to continu to have and carri . 
3 a person who has chang his resid or princip place of busi to a locat outsid of the jurisdict of the issu author subsequ to the issuanc or renew of a licens under this section shall renew his licens by file an applic in the manner prescrib by divis a of this section with the sheriff of the counti or the safeti director or polic chief of the municip corpor where he then resid or has his princip place of busi . 
when make an applic to renew a licens after a chang in resid or place of busi the applic shall give notic of the chang of address by regular mail to the origin issu author for the licens and the state fire marshal on notif form prescrib by the sheriff safeti director or polic chief from whom he seek renew . 
d a licens to have and carri a militari weapon shall identifi the person to whom it is issu identifi the militari weapon for which it is issu state the purpos identifi in divis b1b of this section for which the militari weapon will be possess and carri state it expir date and list all restrict on the have or carri of the militari weapon as prescrib by the law of this state and applic feder law . 
e ani person who is issu a licens to have and carri a militari weapon under this section and who chang his address shall notifi the issu author of the chang of his address no later than nineti day after the chang has occur . 
f the issu author shall forward to the state fire marshal a copi of each licens issu or renew under this section . 
the state fire marshal shall keep a perman file of all licens issu or renew under this section . 
g the issu author shall caus each applic fee of fifti dollar file under divis a of this section to be deposit in the general fund of the counti or muncip corpor serv by the issu author . 
the issu author shall caus two dollar and fifti cent of each renew fee file under divis c of this section to be deposit in the general fund of the counti or municip corpor serv by the issu author and shall send two dollar and fifti cent of each renew fee to the treasur of state for deposit in the state treasuri to the credit of the general revenu fund . 
h whoever violat divis a of this section is guilti of fail to appli for the licensur of a militari weapon a feloni of the fourth degre . 
whoever violat divis c of this section is guilti of fail to appli for renew of a licens for a militari weapon a misdemeanor of the first degre . 
i a militari weapon that is not licens as requir by this section is contraband as defin in section 2901.01 of the revis code and is subject to forfeitur under section 2933.43 of the revis code . 
sec . 
2933.20 . 
a no person shall do ani of the follow 1 import manufactur possess for sale sell or furnish to ani person ani militari weapon 2 reckless sell lend give furnish firearm person prohibit section 2923.13 2923.15 revis code acquir use firearm reckless sell lend give furnish danger ordnanc person prohibit section 2923.13 2923.15 2923.17 revis code acquir use danger ordnanc 3 possess firearm danger ordnanc purpos dispos violat divis a section 4 manufactur possess sale sell furnish person law enforc agenc author use polic work brass knuckl cestus billi blackjack sandbag switchblad knife springblad knife graviti knife similar weapon 5 when transfer danger ordnanc anoth neglig fail requir transfer exhibit ani identif licens permit show author acquir danger ordnanc pursuant section 2923.17 revis code neglig fail take complet record transact forthwith forward copi the record sheriff counti safeti director polic chief municip transact take place 6 know fail report law enforc author forthwith loss theft firearm danger ordnanc person 's possess control . 
b whoever violat section quilti unlaw transact weapon . 
violat divis a1 of this section is an aggrav feloni of the first degre . 
violat of divis a2 or 3 oof section feloni third degre . 
violat divis a 4 or 5 section misdemeanor second degre . 
violat divis 6 section midemeanor fourth degre . 
section 2 . 
that exist section 2923.11 2923.17 2923.20 revis code herebi repeal . 
section 3 . 
this act herebi declar emerg measur necessari immedi preserv public peac health safeti . 
the reason necess immedi action act prohibit continu purchas possess use militari weapon result amelior substanti threat death injuri public caus misus improp use weapon . 
therefor act shall go immedi effect . 
